Update 00_overview.md (#84)
BCDevOps/devops-platform-workshops: workshop-labs/docs/openshift101/00_overview.md

# Overview
Welcome!

In these labs you will explore builds and deployments within the context of an Openshift 4.5 Cluster.
These labs will focus on a single 2-tier application based on the popular open source chat utility, Rocket.Chat.

## Special Notes

The training is being delivered in a production Openshift Environment.

## Course Format

This course has been designed to be run _at your own pace_. The lab materials have been designed so that you generally follow the happy bath for a simple two-tier deployment. There will be many intentional bugs along the way that will have you encounter real-life troubleshooting techniques!

> The course length can vary (based on scheduled) but was designed to be run over approx. 2 weeks. During that time __touch points__ will be scheduled with the cohort to talk about special topics and to assist in troubleshooting. 

Author: ```suggestion
The course length can vary (based on scheduled). It was designed to be run over a period of a few days rather than just a day or two to have time for isolated touchpoints as well as to provide time for discussion.  During that time __touch points__ will be scheduled with the cohort to talk about special topics and to assist in troubleshooting. 
```
